Do you love working from home or would you rather be in the office? Is there a balance of both that you like best?
What’s the hardest part about working virtually for you? The easiest?
Do you have a dedicated office space at home?
What’s the worst piece of advice you’ve ever been given? And why was it so bad?
Show us your office space!
Where do you work most frequently from at home? Your office? Your kitchen table? The backyard? Your bed?
Be honest, how often do you work from bed?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What does your morning routine look like when working from home?
What’s your number one tip for combating distractions when working from home?
How do you stay productive and motivated working virtually?
What does your typical work from home uniform look like?
How many cups of coffee, tea, or beverage-of-choice do you have each morning?
Are you an early bird or night owl?
What about showers? Do you prefer morning or night?
What’s one thing we could do to improve our virtual meetings?
What’s your favorite flower or plant?
What’s your caffeinated beverage of choice? Coffee? Cola? Tea?
What’s your favorite scent?
What’s the last great TV show or movie you wanted?
Best book you’ve ever read?
Best professional development book you’ve ever read?
If you could learn one new professional skill, what would it be?
If you could learn one new personal skill, what would it be?
What’s your favorite way to get in some exercise?
If you could write a book, what genre would you write it in? Mystery? Thriller? Romance? Historical fiction? Non-fiction?
What is one article of clothing that someone could wear that would make you walk out on a date with them?
The zombie apocalypse is coming, who are 3 people you want on your team?
What is your most used emoji?
What was the worst style choice you ever made?
What was the worst haircut you ever had?
Who was your childhood actor/actress crush?
If you were a wrestler what would be your entrance theme song?
Have you ever been told you look like someone famous, who was it?
If you could bring back any fashion trend what would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing fashion trend you used to rock?
What did you name your first car?
Does your current car have a name? What is it?
You have your own late night talk show, who do you invite as your first guest?
If a movie was made of your life what genre would it be, who would play you?
If you were famous, what would you be famous for?
You have to sing karaoke, what song do you pick?
What was your least favorite food as a child? Do you still hate it or do you love it now?
If you had to eat one meal everyday for the rest of your life what would it be?
If you were left on a deserted island with either your worst enemy or no one, which would you choose? Why?
If aliens landed on earth tomorrow and offered to take you home with them, would you go?
60s, 70s, 80s, 90s: Which decade do you love the most and why?
What’s your favorite sandwich and why?
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
When you die, what do you want to be remembered for?
What do your family think you do for work?
What is your favorite item you’ve bought this year?
What would be the most surprising scientific discovery imaginable?
What is your absolute dream job?
What would your talent be if you were Miss or Mister World?
What would the title of your autobiography be?
Say you’re independently wealthy and don’t have to work, what would you do with your time?
If you had to delete all but 3 apps from your smartphone, which ones would you keep?
What is your favorite magical or mythological animal?
What does your favorite shirt look like?
Who is your favorite Disney hero or heroine? Would you trade places with them?
What would your dream house be like?
If you could add anyone to Mount Rushmore who would it be; why?
You’re going sail around the world, what’s the name of your boat?
What fictional family would you be a member of?
What is your favorite television network?
What sport would you compete in if you were in the Olympics?
Who is the better businessman or business woman and why? (Example: Justin Timberlake or Justin Bieber?)
What was the worst job you ever had?
You can have anyone fictional as your imaginary friend, who do you choose and why?
What would your superpower be and why?
Which band / artist – dead or alive would play at your funeral?
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What’s your favorite tradition or holiday?
What fictional world or place would you like to visit?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
What is your favorite time of the day and why?
Coffee or tea?
Teleportation or flying?
What is your favorite TV show?
What book, movie read/seen recently you would recommend and why?
What breed of dog would you be?
If you had a time machine, would go back in time or into the future?
Do you think you could live without your smartphone (or other technology item) for 24 hours?
What is your favorite dessert?
What was your favorite game to play as a child?
Are you a traveler or a homebody?
What’s one career you wish you could have?
What fictional world or place would you like to visit?
What’s your favorite place of all the places you’ve travelled?
Have you ever met your idol or someone you revere greatly?
Have you ever completed anything on your “bucket list”?
Do you have a favorite plant?
What did you have for breakfast this morning?
What was the country you last visited outside of United States?
What’s is one thing we don’t know about you?
What is your favorite meal to cook and why?
Are you a morning person or a night person?
What is your favorite musical instrument and why?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What languages do you know how to speak?
Popcorn or M&Ms?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?
What’s the most out-of-character thing you’ve ever done?
What is your cellphone wallpaper?
You can have an unlimited supply of one thing for the rest of your life, what is it? Sushi? Scotch Tape?
What’s your best scar story?
Would you go with aliens if they beamed down to Earth?
Are you sunrise, daylight, twilight, or nighttime? Why?
What season would you be?
Are you a good dancer?
What fruit or vegetable would you most want to be?
If you could hang out with any cartoon character, who would you choose and why?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?
If you could commit any crime and get away with it what would you choose and why?
If you could choose any person from history to be your imaginary friend, who would it be and why?
If you could see one movie again for the first time, what would it be and why?
If you could bring back any fashion trend what would it be?
If you could live in any country, where would you live?
If you could choose any two famous people to have dinner with who would they be?
If you could be any animal in the world, what animal would you choose to be?
If you could do anything in the world as your career, what would you do?
If you could be any supernatural creature, what would you be and why?
If you could change places with anyone in the world, who would it be and why?
If you could rename yourself, what name would you pick?
If you could have someone follow you around all the time, like a personal assistant, what would you have them do?
If you could instantly become an expert in something, what would it be?
If you could be guaranteed one thing in life (besides money), what would it be?
If you had to teach a class on one thing, what would you teach?
If you could magically become fluent in any language, what would it be?
If you could be immortal, what age would you choose to stop aging at and why?
If you could be on a reality TV show, which one would you choose and why?
If you could choose any person from history to be your imaginary friend, who would it be and why?
If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be and why?
If you could go to Mars, would you? Why or why not?
If you could have the power of teleportation right now, where would you go and why?
If you could write a book that was guaranteed to be a best seller, what would you write?
Would you rather live in the ocean or on the moon?
Would you rather meet your travel back in time to meet your ancestors or to the future to meet your descendants?
Would you rather lose all of your money or all of your pictures?
Would you rather have invisibility or flight?
Would you rather live where it only snows or the temperature never falls below 100 degrees?
Would you rather always be slightly late or super early?
Would you rather give up your smartphone or your computer?
Would you rather live without heat and AC or live without social media?
Would you rather be the funniest or smartest person in the room?
Would you rather be able to run at 100 miles per hour or fly at 10 miles per hour?
Would you rather be a superhero or the world’s best chef?
Would you rather be an Olympic gold medallist or an astronaut?
Do you play any sports?
Do you play any instruments?
If you could donate a million dollars to any charity, what cause would you choose?
Do you have any hidden talents?
What school subject is your favorite?
What school subject is your least favorite?
What are you most excited about this year?
What song or album could you listen to on repeat?
If you could live in one fictional universe, which one would you choose?
Name one cool feature you would add to your dream house.
Describe a time you laughed so hard you thought you would cry, or when you did cry. What was so funny?
If you could have your own TV show, what would it be about?
What is one thing you want older generations to know about teenagers today?
What is your favorite memory with your best friend? (Your best friend can be an animal!)
What is the best dish you can cook?
If you could have any animal for a pet, what would it be?
If your pet could talk, what do you think it would say?
Would you rather explore outer space or the bottom of the ocean?
Would you rather visit a volcano or a rainforest?
If you could only eat one dessert for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you could choose any name besides your name, what would you choose?
If you had a million dollars, what would you buy first?
Who is your favorite Disney character?
If you could switch lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
What is your favorite color?
Which cartoon character do you wish was real?
If you could have any superpower, what would it be?
What is your best idea for a new invention?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor and ice cream topping?
​​​​What’s the best trip (traveling wise) you ever had?
What’s your favorite thing about the place where you live?
If you could live anywhere in the world for a year, where would it be?
Where is your favorite vacation spot?
What’s your favorite seat on an airplane?
Have you ever been on a cruise? Where did you go?
Do you enjoy the outdoors? What’s your favorite outdoor activity?
How many countries have you visited outside your own?
What is your favorite weekend trip?
Who is your favorite person to travel with?
What is your favorite theme park?
In your opinion, what is the most beautiful place on earth?
Beach, safari, or forest vacation?
Do you have any pets? What are their names?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
What is your spirit animal? (The animal who is most similar to your personality.)
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite magical or mythological creature?
What famous animal movie character do you like the most?
Did you have a stuffed animal as a child? What was its name?
Are there any specific animals you are afraid of? Why?
What is the funniest thing one of your pets have done?
What is your favorite zoo animal?
If you were a fish, what type would you be?
If you had your human body, but the head of an animal, what animal would you pick?
Favorite grocery item while shopping locally?
What is your favorite restaurant?
If you could only eat one item of food for the rest of your life, what would you eat?
What is your favorite candy or treat?
Sweet, salty, or sour?
What’s the weirdest food you’ve ever eaten?
What is something you are great at cooking?
What is something you can’t cook?
What is your favorite dessert?
If you could eliminate one food so no one could eat it ever again, what would you destroy?
What is your favorite breakfast? Lunch? Dinner?
What is your favorite hobby?
What is your favorite thing to do by yourself?
What is your favorite sport or physical activity?
What crazy activities do you dream of trying someday?
What is your idea of fun?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very good at?
What two things do you consider yourself to be very bad at?
If money and time were no object, what would you be doing right now?
What is something you hate doing? Why?
What is something you love doing? Why
Do you have any hidden talents? What can you do?
What was one new experience you tried that was completely unknown or uncomfortable to you at the time you tried it?
Have you ever been out of the country?
Have you ever ridden on a motorcycle?
Have you ever lived in another state?
Have you ever met a celebrity?
Have you ever been to Disney Land or Disney World?
Have you ever planted a garden?
Have you ever experienced a natural disaster like a hurricane or tornado?
Have you ever won a contest?
Have you ever eaten a whole pizza by yourself?
Have you ever done any extreme sports like skydiving or bungee jumping?
If you had to delete all but 3 apps from your smartphone, which ones would you keep? (Three apps that have changed your life.)
When did you get your first cell phone? What kind was it?
If you had to choose between only having a cell phone or a car for the rest of your life, which would you choose?
How many Facebook friends do you have? How many of them do you actually communicate with?
What technology innovation made the most impact on your life?
Desktop, laptop, or tablet? Which do you prefer to use?
What is your favorite thing about technology? Least favorite?
Where would you time-travel, if it were possible?
If you could have a superpower, what would it be and why?
If you were the captain of a pirate ship, what would be the name of your ship?
If you could travel to any other planet (real or fictional), where would you go and why?
What is your favorite movie?
Who is your favorite actor/actress?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite tv series?
What show on Netflix did you binge watch embarrassingly fast?
If you could be any fictional character, who would you be?
What type of music do you listen to?
What movie can you rewatch over and over again?
If you could go back in time and make little changes to your childhood, what is one thing you’d learn and master over the years so you’d be an expert at it today?
If you won a lottery of $1 billion, what would you do with all the money?
How would you change your life today if the average life expectancy was 400 years?
What is the most challenging job you can think of?
A genie grants you three wishes but none of them can directly benefit you. What would those wishes be?
If you had to change your name, what would your new name be, and why would you choose that name?
What are the best and worst purchases you’ve ever made?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
What is your most treasured material possession?
What is your favorite smell and why?
What do you never leave the house without other than your phone, keys or wallet?
Who is your hero, and why?
What is your earliest childhood memory?
Who was your favorite teacher in school and how did he or she impact you?
If you could choose an age to remain forever, which age would you choose?
What is one important skill every person should have?
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend? This month? This year?
What is your favorite holiday?
Do you set New Years Resolutions? What was one of yours this year? Have you kept it?
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What is your least favorite job you’ve ever had?
What is your favorite job you’ve ever had?
What are you going to do when you retire?
What’s one sentence you’d like to hear from your boss?
What characteristic do you value the most in your coworkers?
What is the most important personal attribute that you bring to your job?
What are you most excited about in relation to your job this year?
What’s one work-related skill that you’d like to develop, especially if you could do it easily?
What coworker characteristic do you find most irritating?
What’s the single most important factor that you would change about your job?
What is the most significant factor, that your organization has control over, that interferes with your success?
How much money would you need to win to walk away from your current job?
What is one important skill that you think everyone should have?
There are now 25 hours in a day! How do you spend your extra hour?
What is one of your greatest work-related achievements?
What activity helps you relieve stress at work?
What class did you take in school that helps you with your job?
Professional, casual or sweatpants? If there were no dress code, how would you dress for work?
What “old person” things do you do?
How long would you last in a zombie apocalypse?
Who is your favorite cartoon character?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What are your favorite songs from your teenage years that you still rock out to when nobody else is listening?
Who was your childhood actor/actress crush?
What’s the most embarrassing moment from your teen years?
What’s the craziest dare you ever took?
What’s the craziest fashion trend you ever rocked?
What did you get into the most trouble for with your parents as a kid?
What’s your silliest memory with your best friend?
What dance move are you secretly awesome at?
What commercial jingle gets stuck in your head all the time?
What’s the worst haircut you ever had?
What’s the best prank you’ve ever played on someone?
What’s the most ridiculous thing your parents ever did to embarrass you?
As a kid, did you ever do something wrong but manage to pin it on your siblings/friends?
